Validation: description-missing fixes. (#242)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/pushpins/image-and-canvas-pushpin-example.md

---
title: "Image and Canvas Pushpin Example | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Provides a code example that shows how to create custom colored pushpins that use an image as a template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Example code demonstrating how to create custom colored pushpins that use an image as a template.
```
